Add MASK_EN note (#629)
gbdev/pandocs: src/SGB_Command_System.md

also invoked (optionally) by completion of PAL_SET and ATTR_SET
commands.

:::tip

SGB freezes/unfreezes the Game Boy screen automatically whenever the LCD is

> turned off/on.

Reviewer: I think we're missing the closing of the box here. See https://github.com/gbdev/pandocs/blob/master/CONTRIBUTING.md#custom-containers

Author: Of course. I'm learning the syntax as I go.

also invoked (optionally) by completion of PAL_SET and ATTR_SET
commands.

:::tip

> SGB freezes/unfreezes the Game Boy screen automatically whenever the LCD is
> turned off/on.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The screen stops updating when the "LCD" is [turned off](<#LCDC.7 — LCD enable>), though it gets blanked out after a while.
```

Reviewer 2: AFAIK, leaving the screen turned off for a significant period of time causes the SGB firmware to blank out the framebuffer.

Author: @nitro2k01?

Reviewer 2: Addition of that claim is tracked by #625, btw.

Author: Can we safely remove the "gets blanked out after a while" bit?

Reviewer: In abscence of proof regarding the 'blank out' I think the original wording is better, I'd keep that one.
